Update "Historical data for training" sections  within Predict docs (#21047)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/use-charts/nrql-predictions.mdx

* **Seasonality**: Automatically detects whether seasonality is present in the historic data. If seasonality is detected, the identified season length is used in the Holt-Winters seasonal algorithm. If no seasonality is found, it constructs a non-seasonal model.
* **Hyperparameters**: Sets the hyperparameters for the Holt-Winters algorithm based upon the seasonality and historical data.
* **Prediction window**: Predicts a range equal to 20% of the total time span specified in your query window.

> * **Historical data for training**: Uses historical data from the current query window and the two preceding ones to generate predictions. If a `seasonality` hyperparameter is provided and the seasonality is greater than the query window, we use historical data spanning three times the seasonality instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Historical data for training**: Uses historical data from the last three query windows (the current one and the two preceding it). However, if you provide a `seasonality` hyperparameter that is greater than the query window, the model instead uses historical data spanning a period equal to three times the seasonality.
```
